All right welcome back.
I'm a student so on this lecture we're going to learn how to update and delete data.
All right.
Well the last lecture we created we persist is some data we create an object around we think are a little
bit right.
So we created an object even non-persistent then we persisted it mean that we went ahead and put it
in the database in the database table that's fine.
But what I want to tell you is that sometimes you might see that mine for me might be different from
the last video or whatever information I have on the table and I just got it.
So you just focus on what you're learning.
So if I told you in the last lecture that you were going to learn how to be in the lead.
Focus on the worry about what kind of data I have in my table or what or if it's different from yours
.
Do not worry about that just worry that we have data in the table and worry that you're going to learn
how to all day in the lead on this lecture.
OK.
Because sometimes I have to come back to the lecture and delete certain data because my computer can
fail my internet could fail.
The editor could fail and I have to delete constantly and change the data inside there to kind of have
things going for you guys to see working.
OK.
So anyway let's go to BHB think what to think.
Real quick.
So Beechfield isn't thinker.
Let's create a variable to hold that object that we're going to be finding.
So we're going to find the post.
So we write the name namespace right.
And the two Colon's to say we're going to define a method that actually write a mantra that we have
already called Find and we're going to find Recker with the number three if you have one.
If you don't have it find whatever record you want.
We're going to get the object and we are going to of the it's properties are going to obey this and
I say updated Recker with ID 3.
OK.
Antar OK how that is not in the database yet.
All right.
I just want you to see that.
So now we are going to I just press my up arrow key and my keyboard and we're going to obey the content
of day of data Recker content with ID 3.
All right if I go like this and I go in the database you can see right here you're going to see that
it doesn't change because we haven't persisted on information.
So in order for us to persist we're going to save posts save Antar and he says SRL right here that means
that data is persistent.
If I refresh it you can see that as being all data and the great thing about it when you use the Save
method is that they created that and they updated our Enter automatically for us.
OK.
So now we know how to update data right now.
Let's learn how to delete and I'm going to show you something right now and what's going to happen is
I want you to pay very close attention to this feel right here remember that we have created this functionality
when we try to delete an item he actually doesn't get the leader he gets to trash so we won't be able
to actually delete the item normally right.
So we have to use special function to delete it permanently.
Right now if we try to delete this record with the number three we get to have a date here right.
So let's try that real quick.
We're still out there.
You're right let's see the lead.
And you can see that is true.
So we still have the old you where the number three there.
And refresh and you can see that just still there that record.
But we have a day that mean it was self deleted.
So that means it was trashed.
Now let's see if we think we can pool it and delete it permanently.
Let's see.
That can happen so I'll post and it's actually let's do this for a quick.
All right.
Space and we're going to see pros and only trust
only trust.
OK.
That see if I say only trust Antar.
Let's see can I forced to lead it
and Terry this one let's go here and check it out.
As you can see the record has been deleted.
All right.
So we think we can do the same thing that we can do basically where with our application we routes.
We can use the same methods and we gain property but the good thing we're thinking is that we can play
around here first before jumping in to creating a route into all kinds of crazy stuff in our application
.
That's sometimes a little hard to do right because we were short on time some time.
So this is pretty cool to have a tool like this that we can use.
All right.
So anyway I hope you have a lot of fun we think is a lot of other commands that you can try it out with
thinker and that's it just for you to go to Lero Well that come in and find out some more information
about think if you want to play around with it a little more.
All right.
Anyway thank you so much for watching this.
And I'll see you in the next lectures